if you love the fish for bass would like
to go after other species as well the
protein 175 TF it's designed just for
you and we continue to improve it each
year to make every Audi more comfortable
and convenient crappie perch ready or in
bluegill or even walleye you name it
you'll love its flexible seating and
fishing positions like our other protein
models the 175 TF rides on the world's
best-selling all welded revolution Magni
Hall with a ride so smooth it comes with
our exclusive smooth ride guarantee the
pro team 175 TF is one-of-a-kind with a
family-friendly cockpit and deck layout
designed for any type of fishing and for
2014 you'll find all new interior carpet
throughout
especially when you like to take your
family along
there's floor level seating for four in
the room a cockpit and when you get to
your favorite fishing hole you can even
sit and fish from the cockpit if you
prefer on the front deck you'll find not
just one or two but three fishing seat
bases and since the deck is lower than a
traditional bass boat it puts you closer
to the action plus you'll find two
molded accessory trays to keep both
yours and your buddies small items and
drinks separate and organize but within
easy reach on the elevated aft deck
you'll find another seat base so you can
choose to sit or stand to fish it's up
to you the protein 175 TF comes equipped
with two live wells 15 gallons in the
bowel deck and a 16 gallon light well
after these are aerated recirculated
live wells both with timers and
removable bait buckets in addition to
the molded storage boxes below the helm
and passenger cockpit seats you'll find
three large storage compartments in the
bow some with ventilation ports to help
prevent
moisture buildup the pork compartment
can hold your rods up to 7 feet long
while the aft deck features two
compartments with drop-in molded storage
boxes that will accept your optional
tackle trays and other gear the Protein
175 TF comes fully equipped with a
lowrance x4 pro fish finder and a men
kota edge foot control trolling motor
whether you start out early or stay out
late there's a combo horn navigation
light and courtesy light at the valve
and another courtesy light at the
console for great visibility while you
tie lures then make your way around the
deck in the dark plus the sleek
one-piece console with its windscreen
and illuminated gauges makes nighttime
fishing excursions of breeze new for
2014 the hull surface features our
diamond coat finish through an industry
exclusive process we apply a powder coat
to produce brilliant durable colors
followed by an extra layer of tough
high-gloss clear coat to keep the
protein 175 TF looking great for years
to come it's available in two striking
color options the protein 175 TF rides
on a factory match Galva shield
corrosion protected trailer complete
with easy lube hubs outboard motor
support and a space-saving swing-away
tuck to shorten its length when you
store it the multi-species pro team 175
TF fish at once and you may discover
that this is the very boat's you've been
searching for
you